Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/architecture.mdx

running in a cluster can be exported over the slice overlay network so that it is discovered and reached by 
pods running in other clusters.

> The KubeSlice architecture consists of several components that interact with each other to manage the life cycle 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KubeSlice architecture consists of several components that interact with each other to manage the lifecycle 
```

- Reconciliation of slice resources in the cluster KubeSlice Controller.
- Creation of slice components required for Slice VPN Gateway connectivity and Service Discovery.
- Auto insertion and deletion of slice components to accommodate topology changes.

> - Life cycle management of slices, slice configurations, slice status, and slice telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lifecycle management of slices, slice configurations, slice status, and slice telemetry.
```

> - Life cycle management of network policies and monitoring of configuration drift to generate slice events and alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lifecycle management of network policies and monitoring of configuration drift to generate slice events and alerts.
```
